[12.x] add `softDeleteResources` to controllers (#10658)
laravel/docs: controllers.md

]);
```

> The `softDeleteResources` method register many resources controllers that all use the `withTrashed` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `softDeletableResources` method registers many resources controllers that all use the `withTrashed` method:
```

```php

> Route::softDeleteResources([

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Route::softDeletableResources([
```
